1. Description
This paper describes a system built to manipulate vanishing points and lines as well as edges and fixed points to manually control the perspective of a photograph.  This tool is intended for editors of photographs for artistic use and as such a tool it is optimized to allow maximum control by a user.  Since the technique described in this paper is highly dependent on user input, the system described in this paper would not be useful in as a step in an automated process that batch updates many images; it could not be used as one step in an automated image processing algorithm.  That being said, this paper definitely has a contribution to the field of computer graphics software such as Photoshop or Lightroom that is intended to be a tool to allow users to manipulate and control the artistic composition of their photographs.  This paper does not have a large impact on the field of computer graphics that is trying to automate manipulations of photos; for example, this technique would not be useful for warping pictures to stitch together in an automated panorama algorithm since it requires user input.

2. Clarity of Exposition
The exposition in this paper is very clear.  They state from the beginning the intended uses of their system and what goals they are intending to reach while clearly delineating the types of problems their system would not solve.  Their explanations make it evident that this is a system with heavy user input and that its intent is to allow for greater artistic control and expression.  They provide a good selection of figures to represent their different examples of image results, which was critical for my understanding of the paper since the examples they are describing are much better understood by seeing images than described with text.  One section I found moderately worrisome was the final point they mention in their discussion of limitations.  They bring up the fact that the shape preservation terms of the energy function are not scale invariant so if a user fails to specify at least two fixed point constraints that the image “will tend to rotate and shrink, possibly to a single point”.  This seems like a major failing of the system that they only bring up in one line at the very end of the paper.  They don’t mention if this trait of their system is made clear to the user through the selection interface and that is something I would definitely want included.  

3. Quality of References
The references for the paper seem adequate.  Their section on related work seems relatively thorough and they placed their solution well in the space of all the current existing solutions.  I thought they explained most of their features in thorough terms and gave appropriate references for the topics that were more complicated that they mentioned briefly in their own paper.

4. Reproducibility
I think the math behind the algorithms of the system are very clearly provided and could be reproduced by another researcher.  They mention the user interface in one section of the paper but they do not provide enough information on that aspect of the system to have that part of it be reproduced.  The user interface does seem to be a relatively critical piece of this system since it relies so heavily on user input so this paper could be improved by showing examples of how the user specifies their constraints.  This would also inform future researchers as to the limitations of the algorithm versus the limitations of the user interface.  

The paper does a relatively good job of describing the limitations and drawbacks of the system.  One that was important to point out was the fact that the images are not usually rectangular, which wasn’t really mentioned or shown in their prior examples.  There was the one issue I had with the last line of the limitations and drawbacks section that I mentioned in my discussion of the clarity of exposition which I think should be remedied.

7. Explanation of Rating
This paper presenting a very interesting technique for perspective modification that I think any photographer or artist would find useful.  I thoroughly enjoyed this paper since I come from a background in photography and drawing and painting so I can see that this system would be highly useful for greater user control over the composition of a photograph.  I do not think that the techniques in this paper are very cutting edge since they seem to be combining techniques that were already written about in prior papers but just combining these techniques to create a new interface.  I also think that there are fewer uses in the realm of CS for systems that require as much user input as this system does.  They mention in the paper that the large amount of user control is actually a feature, which makes sense in this instance since they are intending it as a an artistic aid.  What that means as a consequence is that these features will not be able to be used by any automated algorithms for computer vision or other fully automated CS algorithms.  

Beyond the content, I think the presentation of the paper was very well done.  They clearly state their goals for the system from the beginning of the paper and show through the subsequent section how they achieved in their goals and how they didn’t manage to succeed with their shortcomings of the system.  I also think their visual examples covered almost all of the types of results they discussed and were a great tool to show the reader what great results were actually being produced by their system.
